Update 20.treatments.md (#699)
greenelab/covid19-review: content/20.treatments.md

For the general public in particular, whether nutraceuticals or dietary supplements can provide any prophylactic or therapeutic benefit has been a topic of interest.
Nutraceuticals are classified as supplements with health benefits beyond their basic nutritional value [@doi:10.1080/10408390902841529; @doi:10.1038/nrcardio.2016.103].
The key difference between a dietary supplement and a nutraceutical is that nutraceuticals should not only supplement the diet, but also aid in the prophylaxis and/or treatment of a disorder or disease [@doi:10.1208/ps050325].
Unlike pharmaceuticals, nutraceuticals do not entirely fall under the responsibility of the FDA, but they are monitored as dietary supplements according to the Dietary Supplement, Health and Education Act 1994 (DSHEA) [@url:https://ods.od.nih.gov/About/DSHEA_Wording.aspx] and the Food and Drug Administration Modernization Act 1997 [@url:https://www.fda.gov/regulatory-information/selected-amendments-fdc-act/food-and-drug-administration-modernization-act-fdama-1997].

> Due to the increased sales of dietary supplements and nutraceuticals, the FDA established the Office of Dietary Supplement Programs (ODSP) to increase surveillance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the increased sales of dietary supplements and nutraceuticals, the FDA established the Office of Dietary Supplement Programs (ODSP) in 1996 to increase surveillance.
```

While there is increasing evidence that vitamin D status is linked to COVID-19 outcomes, the effectiveness of its supplementation remains open for debate.
Once again, supplementation of vitamin D and maintaining a healthy diet for optimum vitamin D status is unlikely to carry major health risks while the possible link between vitamin D status and COVID-19 is investigated.

> However, pursuing to elevate vitamin D levels through sunlight exposure does carry additional risks, as many densely populated cities and countries around the world are sporadically utilizing ‘stay in place’ orders to enforce social distancing guidelines as cases have began to rise as winter approaches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, pursuing to elevate vitamin D levels through sunlight exposure does carry additional risks, as many densely populated cities and countries around the world are sporadically utilizing ‘stay in place’ orders to enforce social distancing guidelines, especially with cases rising again as winter 2020 approaches.
```
I am not totally sure what tense to use here! Since it's in the future now I think this is OK?

Author: I think this is ok.
